README.md, before:

# UMod

This is the official repository for the UMod project.
Yuri6037 and me (SuperPlayer) are playing Garry's Mod. But with the time we got upset about the limitations source engine has.
We decided that we want to try to create a completely new sandbox game. As an engine we choosed unreal.

Our plans are to add LUA as the engine laguage because its easy and pretty powerful.
Due to the fact that we are just two coders and that we are just humans, we are going to need a team.

We are open for any kind of suggestions and help.
Currently we are looking for people with one or more of the following requirement:


All:
- You must be able to communicate in english.
- You should be friendly

Coders:
- You have to know C++ basics
- You have to know LUA

Modders:
- Knowledge of how to make models and export them into FBX format
- Knowledge of animating
- Knowledge of how to make textures


We want YOU!
So contact us if you would like to participate!


Current developers:

Coder:
- Yuri6037
- SuperPlayer

Commit message:

Little change about coders requirements
We also accepts Unreal C++ coders. Lua is resered if you want to help in Lua integration.

There's so much more to do before thinking of any Lua integration, so more Unreal C++ coders we have, better it will be.

README.md, after:

# UMod

This is the official repository for the UMod project.
Yuri6037 and me (SuperPlayer) are playing Garry's Mod. But with the time we got upset about the limitations source engine has.
We decided that we want to try to create a completely new sandbox game. As an engine we choosed unreal.

Our plans are to add LUA as the engine laguage because its easy and pretty powerful.
Due to the fact that we are just two coders and that we are just humans, we are going to need a team.

We are open for any kind of suggestions and help.
Currently we are looking for people with one or more of the following requirement:


All:
- You must be able to communicate in english.
- You should be friendly

Coders:
- You have to know C++ basics
- If you want to help integrate LUA, you may need to know LUA

Modders:
- Knowledge of how to make models and export them into FBX format
- Knowledge of animating
- Knowledge of how to make textures


We want YOU!
So contact us if you would like to participate!


Current developers:

Coder:
- Yuri6037
- SuperPlayer
